Update NATS and RabbitMQ BBEs with latest conventions (#3867)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/nats-service-secure-connection/nats_service_secure_connection.md

# NATS service - SSL/TLS

> The `nats:Listener` can be configured to connect to the server via SSL/TLS by providing a certificate file. The certificate can be provided through the `secureSocket` field of the connection configuration. Use this to secure the communication between the client and the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nats:Listener` can be configured to connect to the server via SSL/TLS by providing a certificate file. The certificate can be provided through the `secureSocket` field of the `nats:ConnectionConfiguration`. Use this to secure the communication between the client and the server.
```
